Name: Krish Gandhi
ID #: 1621641
CMPUT 274, Fall 2020

Weekly Exercise #4: Text Preprocessor

Running Instructions:
	1. Open a terminal on Linux and change the directory to the one
	containing the "preprocess.py" file.
	2. Run the following command: "python3 preprocess.py <mode>".
	3. Here, <mode> can be <keep-symbols>, <keep-digits>, <keep-stops>,
	or <> (no mode option).

Assumptions:
	1. The input will be single-line only. The program was not created to
	to handle multi-line inputs.
	2. The input is read from standard input. Reading input from a file
	was not implemented in this program.
	3. If mode is not present, all preprocessing steps will be performed.
	4. The input is a space-separated line of words that may contain
	alphabets, numbers, and/ or punctuations and symbols.
	5. The list of stopwords are all the words provided on eClass in the
	pdf file "text_preprocessor.pdf".

Notes:
	1. The program will present an error message, along with the correct
	usage of the program, if there are too many command-line arguments or
	an incorrect mode value was typed.
	2. The program will exit if an error as stated in (1) occurs, or
	"Ctrl+D" is pressed during the input line.
	3. Only one mode option can be performed for each single-line input.
	Performing multiple mode options was not implemented in this program.
	4. If no text is entered, and thus no text to process, the program
	will print a new line character.
	5. The text (list containing words from the input) is used, possibly
	changed, and returned during each preprocessing step.
	6. In a preprocessing step, if a word is removed, it will not be
	appened	to the new_text (a list of words returned from a preprocessing
	function). This may result in the printing of a new line character 
	only.
	7. Once all preprocessing steps are completed, the "fromkeys()" method
	from the "dict" class is used to create a dictionary, where words from
	the preprocessed text are keys. This removes duplicate words in the
	preprocessed text.
