Name: Krish Gandhi
ID #: 1621641
CMPUT 274, Fall 2020

Weekly Assignment #6: Object-Oriented Minimax

Included Files:
	* submit.git.log.txt
		- The git log containing all the commits made while working on this
		assignment. The log includes the date and time of the commits as
		well as a description of the changes made to the oominimax.py file.
	* debugger.png
		- A screenshot of the Wing debugger running the minimax.py file
		that shows my name and the stack frames of the minimax() recursive
		function highlighted by the green boxes.
	* oominimax.py
		- An OO version of the orginal minimax.py file.
	* README
		- Includes information to assist others in understanding the files
		included in the "oominimax" directory.

Running Instructions:
	1. Open a terminal on Linux and change the directory to the one
	containing the "oominimax.py" file.
	2. The program can be run in the following ways:
		a) Run the following command: "python3 oominimax.py". In this way,
		the program takes standard input.
		b) Run the following command:
			"python3 oominimax.py < input_file_name > > output_file_name"
		This way is using I/O redirection and printing the output of the
		oominimax.py file to the "output_file_name" file. Here, the
		"input_file_name" file must be in the same directory as the
		oominimax.py file.

Assumptions:
	1. The oominimax.py program is only an OO modification of the original
	non-OO minimax.py program. There may have been changes made to the
	parameters and identifiers, but most of the code was reused and both
	programs should behave and output the same results.

Notes:
	1. The Board class encapsulates setting up the tic-tac-toe board (i.e.
	deciding what mark represents the human and the computer and whose
	going first), updating it after each player's turn, and running the
	main loop of game. This class also contains the constant "HUMAN" and
	"COMP" values within a getter function.
	2. The State class encapsulates functions that tells something about
	the current tic-tac-toe board. This includes finding empty cells, what
	is the best move for the computer, and checking win conditions for a
	player. The "get_p_val" function uses a classmethod decorator approach
	to return the HUMAN or COMP value, and thus "self" is not referenced
	and a Board instance is not instantiated when a call to this function
	is made.
	3. State class does inherit Board class, and therefore "get_p_val"
	function is able to do its task correctly.
	4. Future integration of inheritance can be defintely done, but was
	optional in this assignment.
	5. Docstrings were added to personally created classes and functions.